Guidance on how to deal with "Looping & branching statements are not allowed" (#5393)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/sql/index.md

SQL installation scripts are created as a compile-time output alongside a project's binary outputs. Additionally, these scripts can be promoted to a directory under source control so that differences can be easily tracked and analyzed. To learn more, see [Controlling Script Generation](/persistence/sql/controlling-script-generation.md).

WARNING: The scripts are generated by an MSBuild task at compile time. Any project containing either endpoint configuration or sagas must **directly** reference the SQL Persistence package. If endpoint configuration and sagas are contained in seperate projects, **both** projects must directly reference the SQL Persistence package and include the `assembly: SqlPersistenceSettings` attribute.

## Troubleshooting

### Looping & branching statements are not allowed

```
SqlPersistenceTask: Looping & branching statements are not allowed in a ConfigureHowToFindSaga method.
```

> The `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` can only contain statements that invoke `ConfigureMapping<T>`. Check if there is a null check or if the calling of `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` was done via the `?.` [Null-conditional operator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/operators/member-access-operators#null-conditional-operators--and-).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` method can only contain statements that invoke `ConfigureMapping<T>`. Check if there is a null check or if the calling of `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` was done via the `?.` [Null-conditional operator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/operators/member-access-operators#null-conditional-operators--and-).
```

> The `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` maybe only contains statements that invoke `ConfigureMapping<T>`. Check if there is a null check or if the calling of `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` was done via the `?.` [Null-conditional operator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/operators/member-access-operators#null-conditional-operators--and-).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` can only contain statements that invoke `ConfigureMapping<T>`. Check if there is a null check or if the calling of `ConfigureHowToFindSaga` was done via the `?.` [Null-conditional operator](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/operators/member-access-operators#null-conditional-operators--and-).
```
